Add inlay hints to docs (#2028)
sublimelsp/LSP: docs/src/features.md

Sublime Text has no concept of Code Lenses.

## Inlay Hints

> Inlay hints are short textual annotations that show parameter names, type hints.

Reviewer: Maybe clarify that server needs to support it.

```suggestion
Inlay hints are short textual annotations that show parameter names and type hints for servers that support that feature.
```

![inlay-hints](./images/inlay-hints.png)

> To enable inlay hints, modify the following settings through `Preferences: LSP Settings`:
> ```js
> {
>     "show_inlay_hints": true
> }
> ```

Reviewer: I suppose we can just mention which option to enable. Including a whole code block with just that option sounds a bit excessive.

```suggestion
To enable inlay hints, enable the `show_inlay_hints` setting through `Preferences: LSP Settings`.
```

> !!! info "Some LSP-* plugins require additional settings to be enabled in order to show inlay hints."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info "Some servers require additional settings to be enabled in order to show inlay hints."
```
